and my marriage. I have long heard that there is a daughter who dares my Tianxin in the night.
It’s really 100% worse than seeing it at first sight. Miss Ye,
What a great beauty. That’s true.
Why haven't you heard about my marriage before?
And me, and what? Mr. Zhou is a talented person,
Moreover, the Zhou Shi Group behind it also has the background of Empress Xiong.
Mr. Zhou can take a fancy to you. is your blessing,
This is also the tolerance of our Ye family.
Yes, yes sister. I really envy you.
If it weren't for Mr. Zhou who has fallen in love with you.
I can't stand it, I still have a chance.
So I was waiting for you here
I really like you
I have sent someone to carefully select for you
And when the time comes, Li Jing
No less than eight masters
If you agree to marry me
We can cooperate for at least ten more years
The background is so thick
Don't reject me early
Not enough anymore
I'll give you five more memories
You businessmen are really good
The woman that my Mr. Zhou is attracted to
You guys block Mr. Zhou Ye Qingyuan from me.